>> Speaker 1: I have a question about
the function when the compilation is
happening, the function other class gets
its contents in the marble did you say?
>> Kyle Simpson: I'm
not sure I'm following.
>> Speaker 1: So
when other class is being compiled-
>> Kyle Simpson: There's a map,
like a plan, like a roadmap,
made up by the compiler to say, for
that blue bucket, you need to create
an identifier called teacher.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, that's what
compiler outputs is basically a plan for
that scope.
>> Speaker 1: So
when does the targeting part happen?
>> Kyle Simpson: That's at run time,
which is the stage we're in now.
At run time, when that otherClass
function is pulled from some variable,
like it is on line 13, and
it's executed, well now we know there's
a whole plan to make this blue bucket.
So let's go first make the whole blue
bucket with all the marbles, and
now we're in it and we're running it.
And when we run across line four,
there's a marble called teacher
in the target position.
So we discover the source
versus target position
at compile time, but we don't use
that information until run time.
Does that help?
>> Speaker 1: Yep, thank you.
>> Speaker 3: So
it creates a place holder essentially?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, basically think
of it like a treasure map, right.
There's a map, there's a plan,
it's like a to do list for every scope,
that's what compiler outputs,
that's the executable code.
And then when it runs is when it
all actually comes into existence.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: One more question.
When we enter the scope of that function,
I mean if we enter
multiple times, there's another process
that resets the values and things.
How does that work,
you know what I'm saying?
>> Kyle Simpson: Every time
you execute a function,
the environment is recreated from scratch.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, so what does that
actually, is it like in the compiler?
I don't know.
>> Kyle Simpson: So remember, the compiler
only makes a plan for the bucket, it says,
hey whenever you need a green bucket, this
is what the green bucket ought to look
like, and this is what it's contents ought
to be, but it doesn't actually exist yet.
And then every time you execute the green
bucket, that plan is effected into memory.
And then when the green bucket finishes
that plan, all that stuff goes away, and
then the next time you run it,
it creates it from the plan again, okay.
So the compiler output is not actually
reserved memory, it's the plan for
how to reserve memory and
make marbles and all that.